Spring Rain Shanshan
Your relationship with Princess Leng is invisible
You are so smart
Should understand
you
Are you really a madam?
Of course I'm madam.
If you are really a madam
Then I should have lost the body by now
Why should I kill you?
I lay there all day without eating.
I'm hungry.
Then I'm going to make supper for my wife
Ah!
Our Shanshan cooking is really the best in the world
You know, there's something
Just like the previous grid.
Can't help it
Do you know what it is?
Is love
But what about love?
It comes in many varieties.
There is a love
It's inappropriate.
No matter how difficult it is
We have to wait until that good time comes, otherwise
Love is also a sword
harm others